New Script GetInstances (#10248)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonScripts/ReleaseNotes/1_2_85.md

#### Scripts
##### New: GetInstances

> - Returns all the Instance that existing in xsoar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Returns all the instances existing in Cortex XSOAR.
```
